Heart attack prediction Using machine Learning 
  step 1 :
        importing the Required Libraries or Modules- in this project i have imported the libraries like Numpy, pandas ,matplotlib, seaborn and scikit learn libraries.
        Numpy - To create a Numpy arrays.
        pandas - to import the dataset and to perform Exploratary data analysis.
        matplotlib and seaborn - To create charts and graphs. 
        sklearn - to perforn data Preprocessing and Machine learning.

  step 2 : 
        importing the Dataset- the dataset is in CSV(comma saperated values) format, to import the data i have used read_csv("/path") 
        it will imort the data from the path.
        the data containes question marks they are bascically null values, but the pandas will not understand those as a null values instead it cosider as a string,
        to overcome this we have to convert those as a Null values(NaN) then only pandas will understand as they are missing values.
        na_values = "?"

  step 3 : 
        Exploratary Data Analysis - here we are doing couple of analysis on data set like checking shape of dataset, renaming the columns, droping the unwanted 
        columns, handling Null values and so on.....
            - Handling Null values - by using info() and isnull() we can find the columns having null values. once we found the column if the null values are more 
              than 50% of the column then there is no use of predicting the data using these columns, so we can drop those columns but, if the columns having less null 
              values we can replace the null values.

            - Replacing Null values with the Mean - we can replace the Null value with either Mean or Median, here i replaced with Mean using simpleimputer module 
              from the sklearn library.once i got a confirmation that all null values are cleared then i can move forword.

            - Statistical Analysis - this is done using describe(), which gives an out of 5 number summary with mean,count and standerdad deviation.
              (5 number summary - minimum, 25 percentile, 50 percentile(Median), 75 percentile, maximum)

            - Encoding - in machine learning we cannot deal with the categorical values so, we have to convert the categorical columns into numerical columns
              (Column Transformation) to do this we have to methods in sklearn 
                - Label Encoding - basically convert the catogorical values in a column into numerical values like 0,1,2,3,..... but here we have a disadvantage of 
                  ordering. the machine learning alogithms treat these numbers as orders like 3>2>1>0 so, label encoder is used only when there is an ordered data.
                - One Hot Encoding - this will convert the categorical values in a column into numerical values in a binary format to avoid the ordering and create 
                  a new columns which is equal to unique number of items in a column. for ex: if we have country INDIA and USA then it will convert it as 01 00 and
                  00 10.

            - Splitting the data into train and test data - Once the data is divided as indipendent and dependent(target) set then we have to further split the data 
              into train data and test data. train data is for training the model  or performing the analysis on model and test data is for checking the accuracy of 
              the model prediction on new datasets.
                - to do this we are using train-test-split method from the sklearn library.

            - Scaling the data - scaling is basically used to compress the whole data of a column within the perticular range of numbers 
                - there are diffrent types of scaling techniques available standard scaling ,Normalizer, min max scaling etc. here i have used standard scaling 
                  techinque which basically uses a z score method to scale the values.


   step 4 : 
        Classification Analysis- in supervaised machine learning we have two types of analysis 1) regressional analysis and 2) classification techniques.
        classification can be done in machine learning using diffrent types of algorithms.
            - Logistic Regression 
            - Decision Tree classifier
            - Random Forest classifier
            - Support Vector classifier
            I have done the classification using the all 4 classification techniques.
            Mean Square error - the percentage of error(variance) yet to cover. if mse is less then it is a good model, if mse is high then it's not a good model.
            Accuracy - How accuratly our model predicts on new data expressed in percentage.

Based on mse and accuracy we can finalize our model.
